We have gone through the major parts of a safety plan.
The safety plan would be one of the first steps in developing a safe product.
Designing a system under
the functional safety standard requires methodical planning and execution.
The safety plan serves as a guide to what will be done to achieve functional safety.
The plan also defines responsibilities between the players involved in the project.
This ensures that everybody knows what to do and that somebody is covering every task.
As the project passes through the design, implementation,
and production phases, the output will be checked against the safety plan.
Now that you have seen the major parts of a safety plan,
we will move onto the concept phase of the V-model.
We will start out with how to perform a hazard analysis and risk assessment.